## Week 6 Questions:
1. How many main document <head> and <body> elements can a page have? How are these elements different, or what role do they play?
A main documents head include the following 7 elements; title, link, style and META elements. The META element contains information about the webpage. It can tell search engines about the page, who created it and if it is time-sensitive. The META elements that should be includes are charset, description, author, and viewpoint. A main documents body includes the data that is rendered by the browser and displayed on a local computer. The two markups that are used are structural and semantic. The elements of structural markup in the body are headings, paragraphs, breaks and lists. These elements aid the user visually, provide information on the type of content in a document and are used by the browser and the DOM to understand the content. The elements of semantic markup in the body are used to reinforce the semantics or meanings of the information in a document. The elements can be used to emphasize words or phrases as being strong, provide citations, quotations, links to definitions, or distinguish editorial changes.  
2. Describe the difference between structural and semantic markup. Structural markup embeds information about the structure of a document with elements of headings, paragraphs, breaks and lists. Semantic markup reinforces the semantics or meanings of the information in a document. The elements such as emphasizing words or phrases as being strong, providing citations, quotations, links to definitions, or distinguishing editorial changes are made throughout the structural elements.
3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment
This weeks assignment went very smooth. The steps of creating a directory on atom and then uploading it to GitHub with the desktop app is much easier now than it was when I first started. I did notice another ".DS_store" folder showed up. I believe it was after I deleted an image and replaced it with another. I would like to know what that folder means and why it is happening. I enjoyed learning the style element. I am looking forward to learning more about designing a webpage.
For the HTML comment, it says this is something that everyone can see. However, my comment is now displaying on the page. 
